Docs 10981 document console path field feature pa (#367)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-api-task.adoc

+
Otherwise, you can skip this step.
.. In the *TlS Context for outbound traffic* field, click *Add TLS Context* and specify the TLS context to secure outbound traffic.
.. In the *Path* field, specify the path.
.. Click *Advanced options* to specify additional settings.
... From the *Proxy version* list, choose the proxy version that you are currently using.

> ... * If you want to simulate your API specification, select the *Enable Console* box and specify a different path in the *Console Path* field, for example, "/spec/*".  

Reviewer: Just a note: if your UI is clear enough, you can forgo naming the UI element types GLOBALLY, as in the following example:

```suggestion
... * If you want to simulate your API specification, select *Enable Console* and specify a different path in *Console Path*, for example, "/spec/*".  
```
See the style ref. entry "UI elements" and the May 19 and 24 Slack edit reminders (https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/Edit+Tips+Archive).

Author: Done! Thanks!

> ... In the *Validations* field, select the box if you want to validate inbound requests against a specification. You can optionally specify to use query parameters for strict validations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... In the *Validations* field, select the box if you want to validate inbound requests against a specification. You can optionally specify query parameters for strict validations.
```
OR
```suggestion
... In the *Validations* field, select the box if you want to validate inbound requests against a specification. You can optionally specify the use of query parameters for strict validations.
```

Reviewer: Note also that when you have time, we should brainstorm ways to avoid nesting task steps to three or more levels.
Often the solution is breaking the task into subtasks, although I have not evaluated this particular set of steps. Just FYI.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> ... In the *Scheme* field, specify whether you want to use an HTTP or an HTTPs schema.

Reviewer: Scheme or Schema?

Author: Scheme. Done! Thanks!

+
Otherwise, you can skip this step.
.. In the *TlS Context for outbound traffic* field, click *Add TLS Context* and specify the TLS context to secure outbound traffic.
.. In *Path*, specify the path.
.. Click *Advanced options* to specify additional settings.
... From *Proxy version*, choose the proxy version that you are currently using.

> ... * If you want to simulate your API specification, select *Enable Console* and specify a different path in *Console Path*, for example, "/spec/*".  

Reviewer 2: I don't think `simulate` is the correct word here. Also, the `specify a different path in *Console Path*` is not necessary for that "simulation" because there is a default path.

Reviewer 2: What do you think @tutecano1995 ?

> ... * If you want to test your API specification, select *Enable Console* and optionally specify a different path in *Console Path*, for example, "/spec/*".  

Reviewer 3: Maybe we could write something like:
```
If you want to expose and test your API specification through the API Console
```
Also, it's important to make it clear that API Console is only editable for Mule 4.

Author: For the Mule 4 part, I'm making some other changes that will help. But not in this PR.

> ... In *Validations*, select the box if you want to validate inbound requests against a specification. 

Reviewer: format
The * at the end of Line 58 is causing Line 59 to begin with a bold "In".

+
You can optionally specify the use of query parameters for strict validations.
... In *Scheme*, specify whether you want to use an HTTP or an HTTPs schema.
... In *API instance label*, specify a label for the API.
... In *Port*, specify the port number to use for the requests.
+
`8081` is the default port number. You can modify this port number, if required.

> ... Optionally, in *Response timeout*, specify the time (in seconds), when elapsed, the response must time out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... Optionally, in *Response timeout*, specify the time (in seconds) after which the response must time out.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
